Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#24)
nomtek/mistralai_client_dart: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Mistral AI Client for Dart

> Thank you for considering contributing to [Your Project Name]! We appreciate your time and effort.

Reviewer: We probably should replace the placeholder with our project name 😁 
```suggestion
Thank you for considering contributing to Mistral AI Client for Dart! We appreciate your time and effort.
```

## Table of Contents

- [Contributing to Mistral AI Client for Dart](#contributing-to-mistral-ai-client-for-dart)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [How Can I Contribute?](#how-can-i-contribute)
    - [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
    - [Suggesting Enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
    - [Code Contributions](#code-contributions)
    - [Documentation](#documentation)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    - [Setting Up the Development Environment](#setting-up-the-development-environment)
  - [Style Guide](#style-guide)
  - [Review Process](#review-process)

## How Can I Contribute?

### Reporting Bugs

> Before submitting a bug report, please check if the issue has already been reported in the [issue tracker](https://github.com/nomtek/mistralai_client_dart/issues). If it hasn't, create a new issue with a clear title and description, including steps to reproduce the bug.

Reviewer: It would be nice to also ask users to label the newly created issue with the `BUG` label 😉

Author: Updated in https://github.com/nomtek/mistralai_client_dart/pull/24/commits/42354570f194dd5e88f3982f0b824e9e1bbca23b

> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe it is a good idea to add some  Issue templates(.md file), where we will show how bugs should be reported. 
Additionally, we will fulfill one of the best practices from insights-> community standards in our project.

Author: Addressed here https://github.com/nomtek/mistralai_client_dart/pull/25. I'm closing this conversation on your behalf @MarcinGruchala

### Suggesting Enhancements

> If you have an idea for an improvement or a new feature, we'd love to hear about it! Create a new issue in the [issue tracker](https://github.com/nomtek/mistralai_client_dart/issues) with your suggestion, and we can discuss it further.

Reviewer: It would be nice to also ask users to label the newly created issue with the `ENHANCEMENT` label 😉

Author: Updated in https://github.com/nomtek/mistralai_client_dart/pull/24/commits/42354570f194dd5e88f3982f0b824e9e1bbca23b

### Code Contributions

We welcome contributions to the codebase. To contribute:

1. [Fork the repository](https://help.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo).
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
3. Make your changes and commit them with clear and concise messages.
4. Push your changes to your fork.

> 5. [Submit a pull request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests), explaining the changes you made.

Reviewer 2: Github also suggests that we should have a Pull request template as a good practice in insights-> community standards

Author: Addressed [here](https://github.com/nomtek/mistralai_client_dart/pull/26). I'm closing this conversation on your behalf @MarcinGruchala

### Documentation

> Improving documentation is a valuable contribution. If you find areas that need clarification or have ideas for better explanations, please make the necessary updates.

Reviewer: > please make the necessary updates

But how should they do it? 🤔 I guess they can't simply edit the code without necessary permissions, right? We should explain to them whether they have to create some issues with documentation fixes or if they can do it themselves somehow 🤔

Author: Thx for the suggestion :)

Sorry, I assumed it would go the same way as standard code change. But, as you asked, it's probably not so obvious. I'll try to add some guidance on how to improve documentation.

Author: Updated in https://github.com/nomtek/mistralai_client_dart/pull/24/commits/42354570f194dd5e88f3982f0b824e9e1bbca23b

## Getting Started

> ### Setting Up the Development Environment

Reviewer: I think we should have some instructions here that may be obvious to a Flutter/Dart dev but not so obvious to people who are just starting 😉 So things like: download the repo, launch `pub get`, run the project, run tests; might be useful and worth adding, WDYT? 🤔

Author: Now that you mentioned it - it will be nice for newcomers to see some steps on how to do it.

Author: Updated in https://github.com/nomtek/mistralai_client_dart/pull/24/commits/42354570f194dd5e88f3982f0b824e9e1bbca23b

> - Check [pubspec.yaml](https://github.com/nomtek/mistralai_client_dart/blob/main/pubspec.yaml) for any dependencies and versions required to build project.

Reviewer: Do they have to check the file? Can't they simply run `dart pub get` and then it's all good to go? 🤔

Author: I wasn't sure what to specify here. As you say `dart pub get` is probably all you need :)

Author: Updated in https://github.com/nomtek/mistralai_client_dart/pull/24/commits/42354570f194dd5e88f3982f0b824e9e1bbca23b

## Style Guide

> No particular style guide. We are using [very_good_analysis](https://pub.dev/packages/very_good_analysis) package to keep code consistent.

Reviewer: It's probably worth adding a style guide in the end 😉 Could you create an issue to do it later? 🙇

Author: Hmm, not sure how a style guide would look like. Do you have any proposals or good and short examples? 

And https://pub.dev/packages/very_good_analysis covers styling lint rules.

Reviewer: If we're using the default dart style guide that's being enforced by the `very_good_analysis` then let's just specify it here 😉 To me "No particular style guide" sounds like we don't care about code style and that's not true 😅

Author: Updated in https://github.com/nomtek/mistralai_client_dart/pull/24/commits/42354570f194dd5e88f3982f0b824e9e1bbca23b

## Review Process

After submitting pull request few things will happen:

1. **Reviewers Assigned:**
   - The maintainers will be automatically notified of your pull request.
   - They will assign one or more reviewers to assess your changes.

2. **Address Feedback:**
   - Respond promptly to any feedback or comments from reviewers.
   - Make additional commits to address concerns raised during the review.

3. **Continuous Integration (CI):**
   - Automated tests will be run on your changes using our CI system.
   - Ensure that all tests pass successfully.

4. **Approval and Merging:**
    - Once your changes are approved, a maintainer will merge your pull request.
    - The changes will be reflected in the main branch.

5. **Celebrate:**

>     - Congratulations! Your contribution has been successfully merged.

Reviewer: Maybe we could also include those contributors in the release notes next to the changes they made? 😉

Author: Yeah, that's a good idea. I'll add it.

Author: Updated in https://github.com/nomtek/mistralai_client_dart/pull/24/commits/42354570f194dd5e88f3982f0b824e9e1bbca23b
